Add issue 385, and add Bellroy post about open source (#230)
haskellweekly/haskellweekly: data/newsletter/issue-385.markdown

## Featured

> - [Celebrating the release of Amazonka 2.0](https://exploring-better-ways.bellroy.com/celebrating-the-release-of-amazonka-2-0.html) How [Bellroy](https://bellroy.com) thinks about open source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Celebrating the release of Amazonka 2.0](https://exploring-better-ways.bellroy.com/celebrating-the-release-of-amazonka-2-0.html) by Mike Webb
  > Today, we at Bellroy are pleased to discuss our role in the the 2.0 release of Amazonka — a vital Haskell package providing bindings for the AWS (Amazon Web Services) infrastructure.
```

## Jobs

Trying to hire a Haskell developer?

> You should [advertise with us](https://haskellweekly.news/advertising.html)!

Author: I figured this was a better default than `undefined` but happy to be corrected on that
